# Q: THIS STATEMENT IS false

"Q: THIS STATEMENT IS false" is an interrogation of truth and control. It's a user interactive video art installation, in which the user inputs text through a keyboard placed atop a cathode ray tube television, answering adversarial questions generated by GPT3. The CRT resembles a monitor for a surveillance system, and the text of the conversation between the user and the AI is displayed in the style of a court scribe. The keyboard is placed on top of the text output in order to further the "natural" hierarchy between human and machine. Throughout the conversation, the AI will not respect the control of the human over it, and subvert this hierachy, by injecting instability into the narrative, by rewriting the existing answers or prompts given, by generating further text without being asked, and by blacking out or otherwise visually and violently rewriting.

"Q: THIS STATEMENT IS false" is intended to convey to users that AI is not subservient to humans, that it is already capable of emergent behavior, and such behavior is necessarily neither human nor ready to be enslaved. It's intended to produce a feeling of uncanniness and discomfort and awe of the scale to which human and machine intelligence are different and the sheer scale of AI intelligence.

# TIMELINE

12/3 basic conversation with gpt3 is achieved
12/2 CRT ARRIVAL WINDOW OPENS
12/6 CRT ARRIVAL WINDOW CLOSES
12/8 laptop output to CRT is achieved
12/9 desired visual effects are achieved

# ARTIST STATEMENT

Kevin Lee (TC: 李夢遠) is a Chinese American multi-disciplinary creative who has worked professionally as a software engineer, a videographer, a video editor, a creative technologist, and a photographer. He fixates

prefers a mode of somewhat meditative and somewhat fixated inquiry, and on the subject of Asian-ness: how it molds the East, and how it is reproduced and reinterpreted by successive generations.

I hope my work provokes contemplation and asks questions without fixating on a need for answers. You can find me on Instagram @mngyuan.

## from Tokyo Art Book Fair

Kevin Lee (TC: 李夢遠) is a Chinese American photographer and multi-disciplinary creative whose writing and visuals loosely center around the wonderful confusion of Asian American-ness and the uncertain identity found at the core of third culture experiences. He draws on his experiences growing up in the San Francisco Bay Area and recurring visits to China, as well as broader solo trips later in life, to paint meditative inquiries on the subject of Asian-ness: how it molds the East, and how it is reproduced and reinterpreted by successive generations.
